
Do NOT make natural weapons auto-equip when you have nothing else in the slot. That is convenient in some ways, but inconvenient every time you want to see if the slot is empty. Which it IS.

Make wolves work. This will iron out some questions about natural weapon handling and how the AI should pick its attack for melee.

We should have a combat-message history, so that the narrator can look through it to say more interesting things. Probably this can live in the battlefield entity. Possibly this means combatmessage should become a part, so that they neatly fit into the battlefield container.

Need type-specific damage and damage prevention. Right now, there is no difference between damage types in any way.

Slots should be disabled by "equipping" a special entity id called DisabledEquipmentSlot. Eventually, we'll want a timer that allows these to un-disable spontaneously. We may want to have different categories of disabling, too (broken arm vs a severed arm should heal rather differently)

Weapons could exist in slots other than wielding hands (someday I want a laser eye). We need to rethink this when assessing available actions in Sys\Agent.cs.

Natural weapons need more development. Right now they're just punches, but we should have bites, kicks, etc. See Sys\Agent.cs.

We need to introduce ranged weaponry. This will affect Sys\Agent.cs and also Sys\Combat.cs. And probably lotsa other stuff. It will be a big deal.
Eventually we'll want a 2-d battlefield, but I may do simple 1-D distances to start with. Not sure.

Narrator needs lots of rework. Examples:
	Using proper name in not-very-good way all over the place.
	Combat output is very dull. Needs templates that are much smarter.

Need to review Sys.Container. That AlterContainer sounds weird and we aren't actually using it. Can it be salvaged to become useful?

Switchboard.cs is kind of a mess. it includes actions at all different "levels", sometimes it has Action and sometimes not 
	it includes actions with and without weapons, with and without NextCategory.
	It is very likely inadequate for some future scenarios like spellcasting.

Eventually, we'll need time duration for all sorts of actions. This will affect just about everything.

weapons/armor droppable
weapons/armor damageable

locations for physical objects.

maybe we want the tree of actions to go arbitrarily deep: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/647533/recursive-generic-types
really, I think this is very unlikely to make sense. alas, i could see 3 deep, but probably not arbitrarily deep.

in addition to inventory (pack) there should also be 
